# tutorial-pancake
This is a file input/output computer science class project using C++. 

This program is intended to provide a basic input / output utility to allow the user to perform basic operations using data that is gathered from a given source in a predefined format. The operations that the user is able to perform are examples from the assignment description but the program could be expanded upon to add additional options. 
In implementing this project, particular care was given to making the functions that perform the requested operations simple and robust but also highly maintainable. Future releases can fork these in a variety of ways required to meet future requirements because of this. A big improvement to the project would have been to make the value pairs in the unordered_map pointers to class instances instead of integer values. This would have set up the program to be much more easily expanded upon in the future. 
The most challenging piece of code to write for this assignment was the iterations incrementing the value of the unordered map. While the implementation as is was completed successfully, this was the limiting factor in not being able to implement the values as pointers to class instances. This was overcome by accepting the technical limitation for the first submission. 
The use of separate files for functions is one of the most valuable things that I plan on carrying forward to future projects. For my next project I intend to expand on this greatly. In order to make the program as adaptable and readable as possible, both inline descriptions of functions and a functional design specification were produced. The functional design specification was not included in the repository at this time, this omission was intentional. 
